Warner was the backup quarterback for the St. Louis Rams during the 1998 regular season and the 1999 preseason . When their main quarterback Trent Green was injured in a preseason game , Warner became the starter .
Warner is the backup quarterback for St. Louis Rams during the 1998 season and 1999 pre-season. When their full-back Trent Green was injured in a pre-season game, Warner was the starter.
Warner is the reserve midfielder for St. Louis Rams during the preseason of 1998 and 1999. When their regular midfielder Trent Green was injured in a game before the season, Warner became the starter.
During the 1998 regular season and the 1999 preseason, Warner played for the St. He was the backup quarterback for Louis Rams. Warner started when his senior quarterback, Trent Green, was injured in a preseason game.
Warner St. Louis Rams had a backup in the regular season of 1998 and in the 1999 preseason. Warner became a starter when his main defender Trent Green was injured in the preseason game.
Royal Rumble was the twentieth yearly Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Royal Rumble is the pay-per-view event of professional wrestling Royal Rumble organized by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Royal Rumble is the pay-per-view event of professional wrestling Royal Rumble, hosted by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Royal Rumble is a professional Royal Rumble pay-per-view event created every 20 years by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Royal Rumble was the twentieth annual pay-per-view Royal Rumble professional wrestling event hosted by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Janko Prunk , is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
Janko Prunk, is a Slovenian historian of modern history.
Janko Prunk, is a Slovenian historian of modern history.
Janko Prunk is a historian of modern Slovenian history.
Janko Prank is a Slovenian historian of modern history.
The Balalaika family includes the prima balalaika , sekunda balalaika , alto balalaika , bass balalaika and contrabass balalaika . They all have three strings and two of them are tuned to the same note .
The Balalaika family includes prima balalaika, sekunda balalaika, alt-balalaika, bass balalaika and double bass balalaika. They all have three strings and two of them are tuned on the same note.
The Balalaika family includes prima balalaika, sekunda balalaika, altbalalaika, basbalalaika, and contrabass balalaika. They all have three strings and two of them are tuned to the same note.
The range of balalaika includes balalaika prima, balalaika secunda, alto balalaika, bass balalaika and contrabass balalaika. They all have three strings, two of which are tuned to the same note.
The Balalaika family consists of First Balalaika, Second Balalaika, Alto Ballaika, Bass Ballaika and Contrabas Ballaika. They all have three strings, and two of them are given on the same note.
He became Prime Minister two days before the Great Depression began .
He became Prime Minister two days before the Great Recession began.
He became prime minister two days before the Great Recession started.
He became Prime Minister two days before the start of the Great Depression.
He became prime minister two days before the start of the Great Depression.
Dolignon is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Dolignon is a town. It is found in the Picardy region of the Aisne department in northern France.
Dolignon is a municipality. It is found in the Picardy region of the Aisne region of northern France.
Dolignon is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in northern France.
Dolignon is a commune. It is found in the Picardy region of the Icene region in northern France.
The number five is also an odd number .
The number of years is also an odd number.
The number of years is also an odd number.
The number 5 is also odd.
Number five is also an odd number.
While serving with that unit , he gained a reputation for making quick tactical decisions and taking advantage of enemy confusion .
During his service with that unit, he gained a reputation for making quick tactical decisions and taking advantage of enemy confusion.
During his time with that unit, he acquired a reputation for making quick tactical decisions and taking advantage of enemy confusion.
While serving in the unit, he gained a reputation for making quick tactical decisions and exploiting enemy chaos.
While serving in that unit, he gained notoriety for making instant strategic decisions and took advantage of the chaos of the enemy.
The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen , and the Head of Scheduling is Dan McGolpin .
The station's current manager is Danny Cohen, and the head of the schedule is Dan McGolpin.
The station's current principal is Danny Cohen and the head of planning is Dan McGolpin.
The station's current controller is Danny Cohen and the programming manager is Dan McGolpin.
The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen, and the head of programming is Dan McGolpin.
This can be used to scale the graphical quotation marks up and down to suit larger or smaller quotes .
It can be used to increase and decrease graphic quotes to accommodate larger or smaller quotes.
This can be used to scale graphic quotes up and down for larger or smaller quotes.
This can be used to adjust graphic quotes up and down to fit larger or single quotes.
Can be used to zoom in and out on graphic quotes to match large or small quotes.
They are best known for songs including `` Carry on Wayward Son '' and `` Dust in The Wind '' .
They are known for songs like "Carry on Wayward Son" and "Dust in The Wind".
They are best known for songs such as ``Carry on Wayward Son'' and ``Dust in The Wind''.
They are best known for songs such as "Carry on Wayward Son" and "Dust in the Wind".
He is best known for his songs "Carry on Weaver Sun" and "Dust in the Wind".
TU Dresden is a campus university , This means that most of its buildings are in one area rather than being spread out across the city .
TU Dresden is a campus university, This means that most of its buildings are located in one area rather than spread out across the city.
TU Dresden is a campus university. This means that most of the buildings are in one area rather than scattered across the city.
TU Dresden is a campus university. This means that most buildings are in one area rather than spread all over the city.
TU Dresden is a campus university, which means that most of its buildings are in an area, rather than spread across the city.
Its county seat is Lenoir .
Its county seat is Lenoir.
The provincial capital is Lenoir.
The county seat is Lenoir.
His county seat is Lenoir.
In September 2009 , both Warner Music Group and Youtube decided on a new amount of money .
In September 2009, both Warner Music Group and Youtube decided on a new amount.
In September 2009 both Warner Music Group and Youtube decided on a new amount.
In September 2009, Warner Music Group and Youtube decided on a new amount.
In September 2009, Warner Music Group and YouTube agreed on a new amount.
The sea is one of the most seismic areas in the world .
The sea is one of the most seismic regions in the world.
The sea is one of the most seismic areas in the world.
The sea is one of the most seismic regions in the world.
The sea is one of the most prone seismic areas in the world.
Alfonso Pérez is a former Spanish football player .
Alfonso Pérez is a former Spanish footballer.
Alfonso Pérez is a former Spanish footballer.
Alfonso Pérez is a former Spanish footballer.
Alfonso Perez is a former Spanish footballer.
Shrines are common in Muslim countries .
Temples are common in Muslim countries.
Temples are common in Muslim countries.
Mosques are common in Islamic countries.
Pilgrimages are common in Muslim countries.
Archaeological digs in 1885 and 1944 have uncovered stilt houses from the Stone and Bronze Ages .
Archaeological excavations in 1885 and 1944 discovered houses on stilts from the Stone and Bronze Ages.
Archaeological excavations in 1885 and 1944 discovered houses on stilts from the Stone and Bronze Ages.
Archaeological excavations in 1885 and 1944 unearthed Stone Age and Bronze Age stilt houses.
Archaeological excavations between 1885 and 1944 have revealed stone and Bronze Age houses.
The Evangelical Church in Germany is a series of 23 regional Lutheran , Reformed and United Protestant churches .
The Evangelical Church in Germany is a chain of 23 Lutheran, Reformed and Unification Protestant regional churches.
The Evangelical Church in Germany is a chain of 23 Lutheran, Reformed and Unification churches in the region.
The German Evangelical Church is made up of 23 regional Lutheran, Reformed and United Protestant churches.
The Evangelical Church in Germany is a series of 23 regional Lutheran, Reformed, and Protestant churches united.
Before 2001 the Civil Aviation Authority handled air traffic control .
Prior to 2001, the Civil Aviation Administration handled air traffic control.
Before 2001, the Civil Aviation Administration was responsible for air traffic control.
Prior to 2001, the Civil Aviation Authority was responsible for air traffic control.
Prior to 2001, the Civil Aviation Authority was in charge of air traffic control.
On the west , it connects a major river delta of Shatt al-Arab . In this river delta , waters of two big rivers of the area flow into : the waters of the Euphrates and the Tigris rivers .
To the west, it joins a large river delta of the Shatt al-Arab. In this river delta it flows from two major rivers in the region: the waters of the Euphrates and the Tigris.
To the west, it connects a large river delta of the Shatt al-Arab. In this river delta flows the waters of two major rivers in the region: the Euphrates and the Tigris.
To the west, it connects the main Shat al-Arab delta. The delta flows into the waters of two major rivers in the region: the Euphrates and the Tigris.
To the west, it connects the great river deltas of Shatt al-Arab. In this delta of the river, water flows from two major rivers in the area: the Euphrates and the Tigris.
At Judgment Day James successfully defended the Women 's Championship against Phoenix and Melina in a Triple Threat match .
On Judgment Day, James successfully defended the Women's title against Phoenix and Melina in a Triple Threat match.
On Judgment Day, James successfully defended the women's championship against Phoenix and Melina in a Triple Threat match.
Judgment Day James successfully defended the Women's Championship against Phoenix and Melina in a triple threat match.
On Judgment Day, James successfully defended the women's championship in a triple-threat match against Phoenix and Melina.
In the United Kingdom , civil partnerships have identical legal status to a marriage , and partners have all the same benefits and legal rights ; ranging from tax exemptions and joint property rights , to next-of-kin status and shared parenting responsibilities .
In the UK, civil partnerships have the same legal status as marriage, partners have the same interests and legal rights; from tax exemptions and joint ownership, to kinship and shared parenting responsibilities.
In the United Kingdom, registered partnerships have the same legal status as marriage and partners have the same legal rights and interests; from tax exemptions and co-ownership to progeny status and shared parenting responsibilities.
In the UK, civil partnerships have the same legal status as marriage and partners have the same legal benefits and rights. They range from duty-free and joint ownership rights to closest identity and joint custody responsibilities.
In the United Kingdom, civil partners have the same legal status as marriage, and partners have the same benefits and legal rights; From tax exemptions and common property rights, to the status of close relatives and shared parental responsibilities.
Sometimes the city calls `` Yeşil Bursa '' which means `` Green Bursa '' because of the large parks , forests and gardens in the urban area of the city . Bursa is home of Uludağ University .
The city is sometimes referred to as "Yeşil Bursa" which means "Green Bursa" because of the extensive parks, forests and gardens in the urban area of ​​the city. Bursa is home to Uludağ University.
The city is sometimes referred to as ``Yeşil Bursa'' which means ``Green Bursa'' because of the extensive parks, forests and gardens in the urban area of ​​the city. Bursa is home to the University of Uludağ.
Sometimes the city is called "Yesil Bursa", which means "Green Bursa" due to the large parks, forests and gardens in the urban area of ​​the city. Bursa is home to Uludai University.
Due to the large number of parks, forests and gardens in the urban part of the city, the city is sometimes called "Yesil Bursa", meaning "Green Stock Exchange". The scholarship is home to Uludag University.
She was 36 years old .
She was 36 years old.
She was 36 years old.
She was 36 years old.
She was 36 years old.
It was created as a customs port on 1 January 1894 . THis was four months before the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port .
It was established on 1 January 1894 as a customs port. Four months before the opening of the Manchester shipping channel, Manchester had transformed from a city surrounded by land into a major seaport.
It was established as a customs port on January 1, 1894. Four months before the opening of the Manchester Canal, Manchester had transformed from a landlocked city into a major seaport.
It was established as a customs port on January 1, 1894. This was four months before the Manchester Ship Canal opened, transforming Manchester from an inland city into a major port.
It was created as a customs port on January 1, 1894. Four months before the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal, which transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a large seaport.
Hofstetten-Fl üh is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Hofstetten-Fl üh is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the Swiss canton of Solothurn.
Hofstetten-Flüh is a municipality in the Dorneck district of the Swiss canton of Solothurn.
Hofstetten-Flüh is a municipality in the district of Doneck in the Swiss canton of Solothurn.
Hofstetten-Fl üh is a municipality in the district of Dornek in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Rhineland-Palatinate is a parliamentary democracy . Every five years , all Germans over the age of 18 elect the members of the Rhineland-Palatinate Parliament .
The Rhineland-Palatinate is a parliamentary democracy. Every five years, all Germans over the age of 18 elect a member of the Rhineland-Palatinate Parliament.
Rhineland-Palatinate is a parliamentary democracy. Every 5 years, all Germans over the age of 18 elect members of the Rhineland-Palatinate Parliament.
Rhineland-Palatinate is a parliamentary democracy. Every 5 years, every German over the age of 18 elects a member of the Rhineland-Palatinate Parliament.
Rhineland-Palatinate is a parliamentary democracy. Every five years, all Germans over the age of 18 are elected members of the Rhineland-Palatinate parliament.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the twenty-eighth and last storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
Tropical Storm Zeta was the twenty-eighth and final hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the twenty-eighth and final hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the 28th and final storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the 28th and last hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
A hellhound is a supernatural dog , found in mythology , folklore and fiction .
The Hellhound is a supernatural dog that appears in mythology, folklore, and fiction.
The Hellhound is a supernatural dog that appears in mythology, folklore, and fiction.
Hellhounds are supernatural dogs found in mythology, folklore, and fiction.
Hellhound is a supernatural dog, found in mythology, folklore and fiction.
Greene agreed that she could earn more by leaving 20th Century Fox .
Greene agreed that she could make more money by leaving 20th Century Fox.
Greene agreed that she could make more money by leaving 20th Century Fox.
Green agreed that leaving 20th Century Fox could bring in more money.
Green admits he could make more money by leaving 20th Century Fox.
The glacier flows at a rate of 20-35 metres per day , resulting in around 20 billion tons of icebergs breaking off and leaving the fjord every year .
The glacier flows at a rate of 20-35 meters per day, causing about 20 billion tons of icebergs each year and leaving the fjord.
Glaciers flow at the rate of 20-35 meters per day, resulting in about 20 billion tons of icebergs breaking and leaving the fjord each year.
The glacier flows at a rate of 20 to 35 meters per day and around 20 billion tons of icebergs fall from the fjord each year.
Glaciers flow at speeds of 20-35 meters per day, leading to the eruption of about 20 billion tons of glaciers each year and falling from the fjord.
Brightness and hope and devotion . ''
Clarity and hope and dedication. ''
Clarity and hope and dedication. †
Brightness, hope and dedication. ''
Shine and hope and devotion. ''
The population was 144 .
The population is 144 people.
The population is 144 people.
The population was 144.
The population was 144.
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics .
Founding members of the Premier League are italicized.
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics.
The founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics.
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics.
The areas that will show ` white ' are cut away with a knife or chisel . This leaves behind the image to show in ` black ' at the original surface level .
White areas will be cut off with a knife or chisel. This causes the image to appear in black at the original surface level.
White areas are cut off with a knife or chisel. This leaves the image to be displayed in black at its original surface level.
Cut the parts that will appear "white" with a knife or scissors. This leaves an image that appears "black" at the original surface.
The parts that will look "white" are cut with a knife or chisel. This leaves the image displayed in "black" on the original surface.
Grand View is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Grand View is a city in Idaho, United States.
Grand View is a city in Idaho in the United States.
Grand View is a city in the state of Idaho, United States.
Grand View is a city in Idaho, USA.
The quartet has also performed at the Vienna Musikverein and the Amsterdam Concertgebouw .
The quartet has also performed at the Vienna Music Association and the Amsterdam Concertgebouw.
The quartet also performed at the Vienna Musikverein and the Amsterdam Concertgebouw.
The quartet has also performed at the Musikverein in Vienna and at the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam.
The quartet also sang at the Vienna Musicalquin and the Amsterdam Concertgebo.
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season .
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 837 million in damage and destroyed more than 70 % of Darwin 's buildings , including 80 % of the houses .
Tracy killed 71 people, caused $837 million in damage, and destroyed more than 70% of Darwin's buildings, including 80% of homes.
Tracy killed 71 people, caused $837 million in damage and destroyed more than 70% of Darwin's buildings, including 80% of the houses.
Tracy killed 71 people, inflicted $837 million in damage, and destroyed more than 70% of Darwin's buildings, including 80% of homes.
Tracy killed 71 people, caused 7,837 million damage, and destroyed more than 70 percent of Darwin's buildings, including 80 percent of homes.
The British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2000-2005 .
The multi-unit British Rail Class 360 tram was built by Siemens between 2000 and 2005 with two subtypes.
British Rail Class 360 multipurpose powerplants were built by Siemens between 2000-2005 in two sub-types.
The British Rail Class 360 electric multi-unit was built by Siemens in 2000-2005 in two sub-types.
British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in 2000-2005 in two subtypes.
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph winds that afternoon .
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with winds of 65 mph that afternoon.
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with winds of 65 mph that afternoon.
It quickly intensified this afternoon with Tropical Storm Marco with winds of 65 mph.
That afternoon, with gusts of up to 65 miles per hour, the tropical storm intensified in Marco.
Sergio Rodríguez García is a Spanish football player . He plays for Hércules .
Sergio Rodríguez García is a Spanish footballer. He plays for Hércules.
Sergio Rodríguez Garcia is a Spanish footballer. He plays for Hercules.
Sergio Rodriguez Garcia is a Spanish footballer. He plays for Hercules.
Sergio Rodriguez Garcia is a Spanish footballer. He plays for Hercules.
Many are fitted with highly modified Volkswagen engines and a few have engines from such cars as the Ford Pinto , Chevrolet Corvair , Porsche , Mazda , Subaru or other four - to eight-cylinder water-cooled engines .
Many are equipped with highly adaptive Volkswagen engines and some have engines from cars such as the Ford Pinto, Chevrolet Corvair, Porsche, Mazda, Subaru or other water-cooled four to eight cylinder engines.
Many were equipped with modified Volkswagen engines and a few had engines from vehicles such as the Ford Pinto, Chevrolet Corvair, Porsche, Mazda, Subaru or water-cooled four- to eight-cylinder engines.
Most are equipped with highly modified Volkswagen engines and some are equipped with car engines such as Ford Pinto, Chevrolet Corbert, Porsche, Mazda, Subaru or other 4-8 cylinder water cooled engines.
Many are equipped with heavily modified Volkswagen engines, and some have engines in cars such as Ford Pinto, Chevrolet Corvire, Porsche, Mazda, Subaru or other four- to eight-cylinder water-cooled engines.
Steinbeck won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1962 .
Steinbeck won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1962.
Steinbeck won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1962.
Steinbeck was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1962.
Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1962.
Weighing just 65 pounds , and 3 feet 7 inches tall , he became the shortest player in the history of the major league baseball .
Weighing just 65 pounds and measuring 3 feet 7 inches, he became the shortest player in major league baseball history.
Weighing only 65 pounds and measuring 3 feet 7 inches, he became the shortest player in major league baseball history.
Weighing 65 pounds and standing just 3 feet 7 inches tall, he became the shortest player in major league history.
Weighing just £ 65 and 3 feet 7 inches tall, he became the youngest player in major league baseball history.
It is administered by the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
It is administered by the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
It is administered by the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
It is administered by the US Department of Veterans Affairs.
It is administered by the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
For the next two days , the city of Amritsar was quiet , but violence continued in other parts of the Punjab .
For the next two days, the city of Amritsar was silent, but violence continued in other parts of Punjab.
Amritsar was quiet for the next two days, but violence continued in other parts of Punjab.
Over the next two days, the city of Amritsar was calm, but violence continued in other parts of Punjab.
The city of Amritsar has been quiet for the next two days, but violence has continued in other parts of the Punjab.
Endemic types are most likely to develop on islands because they are isolated .
Endemic species will most likely develop on islands because they are isolated.
Endemic species are more likely to develop on islands because they are isolated.
Because the endemic type is isolated, it is more likely to grow on the island.
Local types are more likely to grow on islands because they are different.
A Kilner jar is a jar that has a rubber ring to seal the top .
The Kilner bottle is a bottle with a rubber ring to seal the tip.
The Kilner stock is a stock with a rubber ring to seal the tip.
Kilner bottles are bottles with a rubber ring that seals the top.
A Kilner jar is a jar that has a rubber ring to seal the top.
The names of Titania and the other four moons of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel 's son John Herschel in 1852 at the request of William Lassell , who had found Ariel and Umbriel the year before .
The names of Titania and the four other Uranus moons then known were suggested in 1852 by John Herschel, son of Herschel, at the request of William Lassell, who had discovered Ariel and Umbriel the previous year.
The names of Titania and the other four moons of Uranus were then known to Herschel's son, John Herschel, in 1852 at the request of William Lassell, who had discovered Ariel and Umbriel the year before.
The names of the then-known Titania and the other four moons of Uranus were proposed in 1852 by Herschel's son, John Herschel, at the request of William Lassell, who had discovered Ariel and Umbriel a year earlier.
The names of the other four months of Titania and Uranus were suggested in 1852 by Herschel's son, John Herschel, at the request of William Lassell, who was discovered by Ariel and Umbriel a year earlier.
Thomas Eastoe Abbott was an English poet , born in East Dereham , Norfolk .
Thomas Eastoe Abbott is an English poet, born in East Dereham, Norfolk.
Thomas Eastoe Abbott is an English poet, born in East Dereham, Norfolk.
Thomas Eastoe Abbott was an English poet born in East Thereham, Norfolk.
Thomas Eastoe Abbott was an English poet, born in East Derham, Norfolk.
` Pan ' in pansori means ' a place where many people gather ' , and ` sori ' means ` sound ' .
'Pan' in pansori means 'place where many people gather', and 'sori' means 'sound'.
``Pan'' in pansori means 'place where many people gather', and 'sori' means 'sound'.
In pansori, "pan" means "a place where many people gather" and "sori" means "sori".
In Pansori, "paan" means "a place where many people meet," and "sori" means "sound."
The Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums .
Bloodhound Gang has sold over 6 million albums.
Bloodhound Gang has sold over 6 million albums.
Bloodhound Gang has sold over 6 million albums.
The Bloodhound Gang has sold over 6 million albums.
Asexuality is a sexual orientation .
Asexuality is a sexual orientation.
Asexuality is a sexual orientation.
Asexuality is sexual orientation.
Asexuality is a sexual tendency.
In the European Middle Ages , the herb was placed under pillows . This was done to help sleep and ward off nightmares . .
In Medieval Europe, herbs were placed under pillows. This is done to help sleep well and banish nightmares. .
In medieval Europe, this herb was placed under pillows. This is done to sleep well and banish nightmares. †
In the European Middle Ages, herbs were placed under pillows. It was made to help you sleep better and avoid nightmares. .
In medieval Europe, herbs were kept under the pillow. This was done to help with sleep and get rid of nightmares. .
In Demand would show movies , concerts , and other events at prices between $ 3.99 to $ 49.99 . HBO and Showtime would offer championship boxing , with prices between $ 14.99 to $ 54.99 .
In Demand will screen movies, concerts and other events for prices ranging from $3.99 to $49.99. HBO and Showtime will offer champion boxing, with prices ranging from $14.99 to $54.99.
On-Demand shows movies, concerts and other events for $3.99 to $49.99. HBO and Showtime offer boxing champions priced from $14.99 to $54.99.
In Demand shows movies, concerts and other events between $3.99 and $49.99. HBO and Showtime will offer Boxing Championships at prices between $14.99 and $54.99.
Movies, concerts and other events will cost $ 3.99- $ 49.99 upon request. HBO and Showtime will offer championship boxing, with prices ranging from $ 14.99 to $ 54.99.
Southampton Tramways were mainly affected by staffing issues during World War I. To try and stop this women were allowed to become `` conductorettes '' .
Southampton Tramways was mainly affected by personnel problems during the First World War. To try to prevent this, women are allowed to be "lead dishes".
Southampton's tram lines were particularly affected by staffing problems during the First World War. To try and quit, these women are allowed to become ``executives''.
Southampton's trams were primarily affected by labor issues during the First World War. To stop these women, they were allowed to become "conductors".
During World War I, the Southampton tram was heavily affected by personnel problems. To stop this, women were allowed to become "conductors."
Albacete Balompié is a football club which plays in Spain .
Albacete Balompié is a football club playing in Spain.
Albacete Balompié is a football club from Spain.
Albacete Balompié is a football club that plays in Spain.
Albacete Balompié is a football club that plays in Spain.
Momentum is a conserved quantity . This means that the total amount of momentum in a closed system never changes .
Momentum is a conserved quantity. This means that the total amount of momentum in a closed system never changes.
Momentum is a conserved quantity. This means that the total amount of momentum in a closed system never changes.
Momentum is a conserved quantity. This means that in a closed system, the total amount of momentum never changes.
Speed ​​is a protected amount. This means that the total speed never changes in a closed system.
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France .
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a municipality. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region of the Vendée department in western France.
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region of the Vendée department in western France.
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region of the Vendée department in western France.
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune. It is located in the Pays de la Loire region of the Wendy region of western France.
Most carnivorous sponges live in deep waters , up to 8840 m , and the development of deep-ocean exploration techniques is expected to lead to the discovery of several more .
Most carnivorous sponges live in deep water, up to 8,840 m, and the development of deep-sea exploration techniques is expected to lead to the discovery of several more species.
Most carnivorous sponges live in deep water, up to 8,840 m, and the development of deep-sea exploration techniques is expected to lead to the discovery of even more species.
Most carnivorous sponges live in deep seas down to 8,840 m, and with the development of deep-sea exploration technology, several more species of sponges are expected to be discovered.
Most carnivorous sponges live in deep water, up to 8,840 meters, and the development of ocean depth exploration techniques is expected to lead to many other discoveries.
He claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies about the world reformer of the end times .
He claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies of the late world reformer.
He claims to have fulfilled the prophecies of the end-time world reformer.
He claimed to have fulfilled prophecies about world reformers in the last days.
He claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies of the last days of global reform.
Joe and Ratso talked and joked during most of the trip , but Ratso died before they arrived . Joe realized how much he had cared about Ratso as a person , and that what he 'd missed most in his life was someone to be close with .
Joe and Ratso talked and joked for most of the trip, but Ratso died before they arrived. Joe realizes how much he cares about Ratso, and that what he misses most in life is someone to be around.
Joe and Ratso talked and joked for most of the journey, but Ratso died before they arrived. Joe realizes how much he cared about Ratso, and that the most in life he misses someone to be with.
Joe and Ratso talked and joked for most of their trip, but Ratso died before they arrived. Joe realized how much he loved Ratso as a human being and what he missed most in life was being close to him.
Joe and Ratso talked and joked for most of the trip, but Ratso died before he could make it. Joe realized how much Ratso cared about him as a person, and he missed someone in his life the most.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a test for college admissions in the United States .
The SAT Reasoning Test is a test for college admissions in the United States.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a college admissions test in the United States.
The SAT Reasoning Test is an admission test to American universities.
The SAT reasoning test is a college entrance test in the United States.
The Norwegian alphabet has 29 letters .
The Norwegian alphabet has 29 letters.
The Norwegian alphabet has 29 letters.
The Norwegian alphabet has 29 characters.
The Norwegian alphabet has 29 letters.
`` The Novels of Jane Austen '' was put in print in Blackwood 's Magazine in 1859 . In there , Lewes praised Austen 's books for `` the economy of easy adaptation of means to ends , with no aid from superfluous elements '' .
"Novel by Jane Austen" was published in 1859 in Blackwood Magazine. In it, Lewes praises Austen's books as "an economy that readily adapts to the means of ends, without the aid of superfluous factors".
``The novel of Jane Austen'' was printed in the Blackwood Review in 1859. In it, Lewes praised Austen's books because ``the economy adapts easily to means to an end, without requiring an end. superfluous elements'.
"The Novels of Jane Austen" appeared in Blackwood magazine in 1859. There Lewes praised Austen's book as "an economy which can be easily adapted to its purpose without the aid of unnecessary elements" .
In 1859, Jane Austen's novels were published in Blackwood Magazine. There, Lewis praised Austen's books, "The Economics of Easily Converting Supreme Instruments Without the Use of Useless Ingredients."
He was the second African American to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
He is the second African-American to serve as Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
He is the second African American to serve as Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
He was the second African American to serve as Secretary of the Veterans Affairs Bureau.
He was the second African-American Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
Wolfgang Fahrian is a former German football player .
Wolfgang Fahrian is a former German footballer.
Wolfgang Fahrian is a former German footballer.
Wolfgang Fahrian is a former German footballer.
Wolfgang Fahrian is a former German footballer.
A digital EP featuring Jessica , Tiffany , and Seohyun was released on April 2008 , titled Roommate .
A digital EP featuring Jessica, Tiffany and Seohyun was released in April 2008, titled Roommate.
A digital EP featuring Jessica, Tiffany and Seohyun was released in April 2008 entitled Roommate.
Jessica, Tiffany and Seohyun's digital EP was released in April 2008 under the title Roommate.
The digital EP, starring Jessica, Tiffany and Seohyun, was released in April 2008 as Roommate.
It is said that he was killed by a tortoise which fell out of the sky after it was dropped by an eagle .
He is said to have been killed by a tortoise that fell from the sky after being hit by an eagle.
It is said that he was killed by a turtle that fell from the sky after falling by an eagle.
It is said that he was killed by a turtle which fell from the sky after an eagle dropped it.
He is said to have been killed by a turtle that fell from the sky after being thrown by an eagle.
The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of Emperor Kammu , who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty .
The conventionally accepted names and order of the original emperors would not be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, the 50th king of the Yamato dynasty.
The conventionally accepted names and order of the emperors were not initially confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, the 50th king of the Yamato dynasty.
The usually accepted names and ranks of early emperors were not identified as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kanmu, the 50th monarch of the Yamato Dynasty.
The traditionally accepted names and sequences of the first emperors were not confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, the 50th emperor of the Yamato dynasty.
It is commonly referred to as `` Monte Carlo '' because it is largely inside the Monte Carlo neighborhood of Monaco .
It is often referred to as "Monte Carlo" because it is located largely in the Monte Carlo neighborhood of Monaco.
It is often referred to as "Monte Carlo" because it is largely located in the Monte Carlo neighborhood of Monaco.
Commonly called "Monte Carlo", it is mainly because it is located in the Monte Carlo area of ​​Monaco.
It is commonly referred to as "Monte Carlo" because it is located in the Monte Carlo area of ​​Monaco.
At age 19 , Lei moved to Florida with her mother . In Florida , she went to The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale .
At the age of 19, Lei moved to Florida with her mother. In Florida, she attended the Fort Lauderdale Institute of the Arts.
At the age of 19, Lei moved to Florida with her mother. In Florida, she attended the Fort Lauderdale Art Institute.
When she was 19, Lei moved to Florida with her mother. In Florida, she went to the Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale.
At the age of 19, Leigh moved to Florida with her mother. In Florida, he attended the Fort Lauderdale Art Institute.
Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s is a video game for the PlayStation 2 consoles . It is part of the Guitar Hero series of games .
Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s is a video game for the PlayStation 2. It is part of the Guitar Hero series of games.
Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s is a video game for the PlayStation 2. It is part of the Guitar Hero game series.
Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s is a video game for the PlayStation 2 console. Part of the Guitar Hero series of games.
Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks The 80 is a video game for the PlayStation 2 console. This guitar hero is part of a series of games.
There have been suggestions about having non-Norwegian members in the committee , but this has never happened .
There were proposals for non-Norwegian members of the committee, but that never happened.
There were proposals to have non-Norwegian members on the committee, but that never happened.
There were proposals to have a non-Norwegian member of the committee, but this never happened.
There have been suggestions that the committee should have non-Norwegian members, but this has never happened.
Real heat engines are often confused with the ideal engines or cycles they attempt to mimic .
True heat engines are often confused with the ideal engine or cycle they are trying to simulate.
Real heat engines are often confused with the ideal engine or cycle they are trying to imitate.
Real heat engines are often confused with the ideal engine or cycle they are trying to imitate.
Real heat engines are often confused when trying to mimic an ideal engine or bicycle.
They called the port Menestheus 's port .
They called Menestheus' harbor.
They called the port of Menestheus.
They called the port the Port of Menesteus.
They called the port the port of Menestezia.
Queen 's Park have won the Scottish Cup the third most amount of times , behind Rangers and Celtic .
Queen's Park has won the third most Scottish Cups, behind Rangers and Celtic.
Queen's Park has won the third most Scottish Cup, behind Rangers and Celtic.
Queen's Park has the third highest number of Scottish Cup wins, behind Rangers and Celtic.
Queen's Park won the Scottish Cup after Rangers and Celtic.
Forecasters orginially predicted Beryl to brush the Carolinas ; as such , a tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout northward to Currituck Beach Lighthouse .
Forecasters initially predicted that Beryl would sweep across the Carolinas; As a result, a tropical storm protection force was issued off the east coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout north to Currituck Beach Lighthouse.
Forecasters had previously predicted that Beryl would hit the Carolinas; As a result, a tropical storm warning was issued for the east coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout in the north to Currituck Beach Lighthouse.
Forecasters originally predicted that Beryl would sweep Carolina. A tropical storm advisory has been issued for the east coast of North Carolina, north of Cape Lookout to the Currituck Beach Lighthouse.
Speculators initially predicted that Beryl would rub Carolina; Thus, a tropical storm clock was issued for the east coast of North Carolina, from Cape Lookout to the North Curituk Beach lighthouse.
The Assyrian Genocide was committed against the Assyrian/Syriac population of the Ottoman Empire during the First World War by the Young Turks .
The Assyrian genocide was committed by young Turks during the First World War against the Assyrian/Syrian people of the Ottoman Empire.
The Assyrian genocide was carried out by young Turks during World War I against the Assyrians/Syrians of the Ottoman Empire.
The Assyrian Genocide was perpetrated by Young Turks against the Assyrian/Syrian population of the Ottoman Empire during World War I.
The Assyrian genocide was committed by young Turks against the Assyrian / Syrian population of the Ottoman Empire during the First World War.
Valve Corporation is an American video game developer and digital distribution company located in Bellevue , Washington , USA .
Valve Corporation is an American video game developer and digital distribution company located in Bellevue, Washington, United States.
Valve Corporation is an American video game developer and digital distribution company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, United States.
Valve Corporation is an American video game developer and digital distribution company based in Bellevue, Washington, United States.
Valve Corporation is an American video game development and digital distribution company based in Bellevue, Washington, USA.
Li Bai is often regarded , along with Du Fu , as one of the two greatest poets in China 's literary history .
Li Bai, along with Du Fu, is often regarded as one of the two greatest poets in the history of Chinese literature.
Along with Du Fu, Li Bai is often regarded as one of the two greatest poets in the history of Chinese literature.
Li Bai, along with Du Fu, is considered one of the two greatest poets in the history of Chinese literature.
Along with Du Fu, Li Bai is considered one of the greatest poets in Chinese literary history.
When Polgar refused to play under these conditions , FIDE declared that she had forfeited the title , and instead organized a match between Xie Jun and Alisa Galliamova for the Women 's World Chess Championship , which was won by Xie Jun. .
When Polgar refused to compete under these circumstances, FIDE announced that she had stripped her title and instead arranged a match between Xie Jun and Alisa Galliamova for the Women's World Chess Championship, due to Xie Jun hosted the event. win.
When Polgar refused to participate under these circumstances, FIDE announced that it had withdrawn her title and instead hosted a match between Xie Jun and Alisa Galliamova for the Women's World Chess Championship, which Xie Jun won.
When Polgar refused to play under these conditions, FIDE declared that they had lost the title and instead arranged a match between Xie Jun and Alisa Galliamova for the Women's World Chess Championship, which Xie Jun won. .
When Polgar refused to play in this situation, FIDE announced that it had lost the championship and instead hosted a match between Xie Jun and Alisa Galliamova for the Women's World Chess Championship, which Xie Jun. He had won.
The band , while hugely successful in the United States , was less well known in their native UK and enjoyed only marginal success there .
The group, although very successful in the United States, was less known in its home country of England and enjoyed only minor success there.
The band, while hugely successful in the United States, was less well-known in its native England and enjoyed only minor success there.
The band achieved great success in the United States, but lesser known in their native England, where they enjoyed only modest success.
Although the band was hugely successful in the United States, it was less well known in the United Kingdom and was less successful there.
Through MSN , people can create an e-mail account using MSN Hotmail , a blog using MSN Spaces , a group using MSN Groups and plenty more .
Through MSN, people can create email accounts using MSN Hotmail, blogs using MSN Spaces, groups using MSN Groups and more.
Through MSN, people can create email accounts with MSN Hotmail, create blogs with MSN Spaces, create a group with MSN Groups, and much more.
MSN allows users to create email accounts using MSN Hotmail, blogs using MSN Spaces, groups using MSN Groups, and more.
With MSN, people can create an email account using MSN Hotmail, blogs using MSN Spaces, groups using MSN Groups, and more.
Kurt Ahrens Jr.
Kurt Ahrens Jr.
Kurt Ahrens Jr.
Kurt Arens Jr.
Kurt Ahrens Jr.
Christian won but Abyss took the title belt .
Christian won, but Abyss took the championship belt.
Christian won but Abyss took the title belt.
Christian won, but Abyss took the title belt.
Christian won, but Abyss took the title belt.
An article published in a German gynaecology journal in 1943 stated that women smoking three or more cigarettes per day were more likely to remain childless compared to nonsmoking women .
An article published in the German Journal of Gynecology in 1943 stated that women who smoked 3 or more cigarettes a day were more likely to be childless than women who did not smoke.
An article published in the German Journal of Gynecology in 1943 found that women who smoked three or more cigarettes a day were more likely to be childless than women who did not smoke.
An article published in the German Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology in 1943 found that women who smoked three or more cigarettes a day were more likely to remain childless than non-smokers.
An article in the German Journal of Gynecology in 1943 stated that women who smoked three or more cigarettes a day were more likely to be infertile than women who did not smoke.
The player plays as Crypto , an alien . He can shoot humans , use the jet pack , and use Psychokinesis at the same time .
The player plays the role of Crypto, a stranger. He can shoot people, use a jet pack, and use Psychokinesis at the same time.
The player takes on the role of Crypto, an alien. He can shoot people, use jetpacks and use Psychokinesis at the same time.
The player embodies an alien crypto. He can shoot humans, use jetpacks, and use psychokinesis at the same time.
The player plays as a crypto, alien. He can shoot people at the same time, use jet packs and use psychokinesis.
Currently only implemented for determining if a number is within the precision that wikipedia expressions can handle .
Currently only implemented to determine if a number falls within the precision that wikipedia expressions can handle.
Currently implemented only to determine if a number is within the precision that wikipedia expressions can handle.
It is currently implemented only to ensure that a number is within the precision that a wikipedia expression can handle.
Currently, only Wikipedia is used to determine if the number has an accuracy that can handle expressions.
Terry Gene Bollea , better known by his ring name as Hulk Hogan , is an American pro wrestler , he is Semi-Retired and is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling .
Terry Gene Bollea, better known by his stage name Hulk Hogan, is an American professional wrestler, partially retired and currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Terry Gene Bollea, better known by his stage name Hulk Hogan, is an American professional wrestler, retired and currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Terry Gene Bollea, better known as Hulk Hogan, is a semi-retired American professional wrestler who is currently signing with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Terry Jean Bolia, also known as Hulk Hogan Ring, is a professional American wrestler, half-retired and currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Enclave countries are very rare , but Lesotho is one . This makes Lesotho 's relationship with South Africa very important to it .
Enclave lands are rare, but Lesotho is one of them. This makes Lesotho's relationship with South Africa very important to him.
Enclave nations are rare, but Lesotho is one of them. This made Lesotho's relationship with South Africa very important to her.
Landlocked countries are very rare, but Lesotho is one. This makes the relationship between Lesotho and South Africa very important.
Enclave countries are extremely rare, but Lesotho is one. So Lesotho's relations with South Africa are very important to him.
Damage to buildings , equipment and people can result from a large-scale short-duration deflagration .
Damage to buildings, equipment and people can be the result of a large-scale explosion in a short period of time.
Damage to buildings, equipment and people can be caused in a short time by large-scale explosions.
Damage to buildings, equipment and people can result from large-scale, short-term blasts.
Damage to buildings, equipment and people can be largely caused by short-term deflation.
Their land is very hilly and difficult , but well cultivated in terraces .
Their land is very hilly and difficult, but can be cultivated well on terraces.
Their land is very hilly and difficult, but can be grown on terraces well.
Their terrain is very hilly and rugged, but well cultivated in terraces.
Their terrain is very hilly and difficult, but well planted on the terrace.
Arthur is the first reported tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981 .
Arthur was the first tropical cyclone reported to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981.
Arthur was the first tropical cyclone to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981.
Arthur was the first tropical storm reported in May after Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981.
Arthur is the first tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981.
She did not perform so well at the World alround championships in Heerenveen , where she finished fifth , but she managed to win the 2006 - 07 Speed Skating World Cup on the 3,000 and 5,000 m track .
She did poorly at the World Circuit Championships in Heerenveen, where she finished 5th, but she won the 2006-07 Speed ​​Skating World Cup on the 3,000 and 5,000 m tracks.
She didn't perform too well at the World Championships in Heerenveen, where she finished fifth, but she won the 2006-07 Speed ​​Skating World Cup on the 3,000 and 5,000 lanes.
Although she did not perform very well at the World Championships in Heerenveen and finished fifth, she won the 2006-07 Speed ​​Skating World Cup on the 3000m and 5000m tracks .
He did not do well at the Hirenwin World Championships, where he finished fifth, but won the 2006-07 World Speed ​​Skating Cup on the 3,000 m and 5,000 m tracks.
Leonese language writer , was born in Palacios del Sil in 1918 and died in León in 2007 .
Leonese linguist, born in Palacios del Sil in 1918 and died in 2007 in León.
Leonese linguist, born in Palacios del Sil in 1918 and died in 2007 in León.
Leonez language writer, born in Palacios del Sil in 1918 and died in Leon in 2007.
The Lyon-language writer was born in 1918 in Palacios del Sil and died in 2007 in Lyon.
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Grand-Rullecourt is a town. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Grand Rule court is a commune. It is located in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the north of the Pass-de-Calais region of France.
After the Germany Reunification , the Linden Opera had links again with the operatic world .
After German reunification, the Linden Opera House once again had ties to the opera world.
After German reunification, the Lindenopera was reconnected with the performing world.
After German reunification, Linden Opera was once again connected to the world of opera.
After the reunification of Germany, Linden's opera was reunited with the opera world.
